README.md, before:

# first_flutter_app

A new Flutter project.

## Getting Started

This project is a starting point for a Flutter application.

A few resources to get you started if this is your first Flutter project:

- [Lab: Write your first Flutter app](https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/codelab)
- [Cookbook: Useful Flutter samples](https://docs.flutter.dev/cookbook)

For help getting started with Flutter development, view the
[online documentation](https://docs.flutter.dev/), which offers tutorials,
samples, guidance on mobile development, and a full API reference.

## What are achieved so far ?

- Creating flutter app from scratch
- Understanding the basics of flutter
- Organize the code in a way that is easy to read and maintain
- Keep digging into the flutter framework especially the widgets
- Use different color systems like RGBO ARGB HEX (const Color()), and names
- How to change the distribution of elements in the column or row in the screen
- How to change the distribution on rows and columns in the screen
- How to style text Widgets properly
- How to make our grids manually and using buttons like TextButton,OutlinedButton and ElevatedButton
- How to style buttons and padding beside the width and height
- How to use IconButton
- How to send function as a parameter (Higher order function or callback)
- How to reuse the code to avoid DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself),using the MaterialApp Widget theme property ,Widgets as variable and/or functions(returned from functions)
- Be familiar with the FloatingActionButton Widget and FloatingActionButtonLocation Widget.
- how to use StatefulWidget and State class to create a stateful widget
- how to use TextField Widgets properly.

Commit message:

Padding and Margin Widgets and properties

README.md, after:

# first_flutter_app

A new Flutter project.

## Getting Started

This project is a starting point for a Flutter application.

A few resources to get you started if this is your first Flutter project:

- [Lab: Write your first Flutter app](https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/codelab)
- [Cookbook: Useful Flutter samples](https://docs.flutter.dev/cookbook)

For help getting started with Flutter development, view the
[online documentation](https://docs.flutter.dev/), which offers tutorials,
samples, guidance on mobile development, and a full API reference.

## What are achieved so far ?

- Creating flutter app from scratch.
- Understanding the basics of flutter.
- Organize the code in a way that is easy to read and maintain.
- Keep digging into the flutter framework especially the widgets.
- Use different color systems like RGBO ARGB HEX (const Color()), and names.
- How to change the distribution of elements in the column or row in the screen.
- How to change the distribution on rows and columns in the screen.
- How to style text Widgets properly.
- How to make our grids manually and using buttons like TextButton,OutlinedButton and ElevatedButton.
- How to style buttons and padding beside the width and height.
- How to use IconButton.
- How to send function as a parameter (Higher order function or callback).
- How to reuse the code to avoid DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself),using the MaterialApp Widget theme property ,Widgets as variable and/or functions(returned from functions).
- Be familiar with the FloatingActionButton Widget and FloatingActionButtonLocation Widget.
- how to use StatefulWidget and State class to create a stateful widget.
- how to use TextField Widgets properly.
- how to use margin and padding properly even if we cannot do it directly.
